[faint indistinct chatter]
[person whistling]
Hi.
Is there anything
I can help you with?
Yeah, um,
my Internet thing
is flashing red,
and it's never
done that before,
so I think I need
a new thing?
Okay. Well, it will be my
pleasure to help you with that.
It's definitely
a router issue?
- I don't know.
- Because it could be your ISP.
Has there been an outage
in your area?
Oh, I don't...
I don't know.
Okay, uh, do you know
what speed you're looking for?
Do you use a lot of data?
Well, I want to FaceTime
with my nieces,
and one of them
moves really fast,
and the other one's a baby,
so, um...
maybe, like, a medium data?
Okay, uh, one thing you might
be interested in doing
is setting up what's called
a mesh network.
It's a way to maximize
the area of your coverage.
Mm-hmm.
Ma'am, are you okay?
Yes, I'm...I'm sorry.
It's just, um,
my husband used to handle
all the...
[sniffles]
...uh, technical stuff
in our house,
and, um...
...he's gone,
so now it's my job.
Go ahead, Karly.
Mesh networks.
A, uh, mesh network
uses a primary router...
Mm-hmm.
...connected to your broadband.
[inhales shakily]
Uh, this one has an app
for your phone
that lets you...
[sobs]
Hey.
So I know divorce
can be really hard,
but you'll get through it.
My mom had it rough
for a while, but...
then she met Luke,
and now they do escape rooms.
It wasn't a divorce.
He died.
Probably because of me.
[sniffles]
[June]
It's been over a year,
and I still go through
what-ifs.
Like, what if I'd never let him
go on that last ski run alone?
What if I'd never forced him
to go on the ski trip at all?
Or what if I'd never agreed
to date him in the first place,
'cause if I'd said no,
then he'd still be alive,
right, Karly?
Look, you can't
torture yourself.
Sometimes
a terrible thing happens
and all we can do
is just live through it.
I'm sorry.
I know.
It's just so hard, you know?
It's like,
I'm fine
for a few days,
and then...
and then something like this.
[sniffles]
My shift is actually over
in a few minutes,
but if you want,
I can get my assistant manager
Brent over here
to grieve with you.
Okay.
Great.
Brent, you're needed
in audio/video for...
Actually, I'm gonna come
explain it to you.
[woman]
♪ Everybody, move your body ♪
♪ Now, do it ♪
♪ Here is something ♪
♪ That's gonna make you
move and groove ♪
♪ Hey, DJ ♪♪
[dog barking]
[knocking]
I know you're in there!
June?
[sighs]
Let me see.
Hey.
What's up, girl?
Holy shit.
What...
what is all this?
what is this?
They're individually packaged
wine cups.
So the bottle doesn't go bad.
And if you buy 12,
you get three for free,
so I'm basically making money.
It's early.
What are you doing here?
I came to check on you,
make sure you're okay.
And obviously you are not.
Well, I can't get
on the Internet.
I wanted to drunk-buy
some stuff
last night,
and I couldn't.
Aww.
What were you trying to buy?
- I don't remember.
- Hmm.
I know it was something
Japanese.
Okay. All right,
we need to get you out of here.
Listen, I want you to go
to church with me this morning.
What?
No.
No, thanks.
Oh, you think you're too good
for church?
Yes.
I just think
it would be good for you
to be around some nice people.
Thanks, but really,
I'm okay.
Ah, ah, ah, ah.
- Come on.
- No.
I know it's around
the time of year that...
it happened,
but I'm not leaving you alone.
And if you go to church
with me,
I'll get you something to eat
at the mall.
Can I go to Panda Express
and get a pretzel?
No, you cannot.
'Cause we're going
to the Cheesecake Factory.
[gasps]
What?
Okay, I'll come.
Mm, okay.
All right, pretty girl.
- Go get dressed...
- Mm-hmm.
Do I have to take a shower?
Mm-hmm, all that.
- [groans]
- Oof, and gargle.
- This could take a while.
- That's my girl.
[organ music playing]
♪ ♪
[Sharon] This is gonna be good.
Let's see. Oh, oh, oh.
Let's sit there.
[June] Here?
[Sharon] Mm-hmm.
[June] Thank you.
Peace be with you.
- Peace be with you.
- Ooh. Peace be with you.
- Hi. Peace be with you.
- Oh, thank you.
- What are you doing?
- Huh?
We don't say that here.
Just sit down.
- Hi.
- Peace be with you.
- Same to you.
As we all know, the world
can be a difficult place.
It can be frustrating.
Sometimes things don't turn out
the way you want them to.
You Clippers fans know
what I'm talking about, huh?
[laughter]
[pastor]
It's easy to feel lost.
But the Lord will always
be there for you.
And your faith
can be your guide.
As it says in Jeremiah 29:11,
"For I know the plans
I have for you."
For you.
To prosper you
and not to harm you.
To give you hope
and a future.
Let us pray.
[all] Our Father,
who art in heaven,
hallowed be thy name.
Thy kingdom come,
thy will be done,
on Earth as it is in heaven.
Give us this day
our daily bread...
Bread...trespasses.
[all] ...as we forgive who have
trespassed against us.
And lead us not into temptation,
but deliver us from evil.
- [mumbling]
- But deliver us from evil.
[pastor]
For thine is the kingdom,
the power, and the glory
forever and ever.
Amen.
♪ Every time I ♪
♪ Feel the Spirit ♪
♪ Moving in my heart ♪
♪ I will pray ♪
♪ Every time I ♪
♪ Feel the Spirit ♪
♪ Moving in my heart ♪
♪ I will pray ♪
[choir vocalizing]
[man] ♪ Upon the mountain ♪
♪ When my Lord spoke ♪
♪ Out of his mouth came
fire and smoke ♪
♪ I looked around me ♪
♪ It looked so fine ♪
♪ I asked my Lord
if all was mine ♪
[choir] ♪ Every time I ♪
♪ Feel the Spirit ♪
♪ Moving in my heart ♪♪
- Hi. Hey, June.
- Hey.
- This is Rev Troy.
He is the coolest
pastor here.
Aw, Sharon,
I don't know about that.
Please, he took
the youth group
to see
the Harlem Globetrotters.
Oh, wow, how was it?
I don't know.
I'm more of a fundamentals guy.
I did not love when they
pulled the trampoline out.
How is that not
a technical?
Yeah.
Yeah, I'm starting to think
that the refs in those games
are on the take.
I mean, they just keep
calling everything
against the Generals.
- Right?
- Yeah.
Um, so I hope this is okay,
but I told Rev Troy
about what happened last year.
Oh, you did.
I'm very sorry
for your loss.
[stammers]
Thank you, it's...
it's a process.
[Troy] Yeah.
Well, my only advice is,
don't be too hard on yourself.
Any feeling you're having
is valid.
Well, that's good to hear,
'cause I've been having
some real weird ones.
[laughs] Okay.
Sharon, you weren't wrong.
She's great.
We're always happy to have
a new face here at Holy Mount.
You are welcome anytime.
Mm.
Peace be with you.
I felt like that was
appropriate for the scenario.
No?
Just stay good-bye.
Stick with the classics, hmm?
- Will you excuse me one moment?
- Absolutely.
- Hey.
- Oh.
I wanted to tell you
one more thing.
I lead a grief counseling
group.
We meet here
on Thursday evenings.
Uh, I don't...
I don't know if that's for me.
Understood.
I'm not gonna give you
the hard sell,
but if you change your mind,
sometimes it's good
to talk to other people.
Our doors are always open.
- Thank you.
- Yeah.
It's really good
to meet you, June.
Yeah, it was good
meeting you too.
I hope I see you again.
Oh.
Sweet.
Oh!
I'm so sorry.
It's okay.
What are you doing?
Why are you kissing
on Pastor Troy?
I'm so sorry, Father.
We don't call him that!
[June whispering]
I'm so sorry.
I'm sorry, okay?
I...I don't know what happened.
It was a mistake.
Our eyes met, and he...
he kind of licked his lips
a little bit.
I don't need a recap.
I saw what you did.
- What is wrong with you?
- Nothing.
And by the way,
you put me in this position.
I didn't want to come here.
It's not my fault.
I was trying to help you.
This morning,
I found you on your couch,
sucking down
your sippy cups of wine.
They are individual
single pours
because it's more efficient
than opening a bottle.
Oxygen is poison for wine.
You don't know shit
about wine.
That stuff is made
in Michigan.
You know what the problem
with church people is?
They think they can
judge everybody else
just 'cause they walk
into a building once a week
and eat a cracker.
We don't do that here!
See...
you don't know anything.
None of this is real.
This is just a thing
that people made up
just to feel better
about themselves.
There's...there's no God.
There's no plan.
This is all bullshit.
[engine turning over]
Where are you going?
You got a phone.
Download Lyft.
[Jen] I told him,
we have to change the battery.
He never did it.
Next thing I know,
it's 3:00 in the morning.
It starts chirping,
and somehow it's my fault?
[Lisa] Ugh, they never listen.
You know, sometimes I think
they need obedience school
for husbands.
[laughs]
Yeah.
[gently] Oh, hey.
- What's going on?
- Oh, nothing.
We're just talking
about stupid stuff.
- Yeah.
Do you need a coffee?
- Oh, um...
- You know what?
I'll just get you one, sweetie.
Yeah.
Mm.
[keyboard keys clacking]
[breathes deeply]
[sighs]
[man] Now, on the back,
it looks a little daunting
at first, but trust me,
it's really simple.
This is usually
for your power,
right next to the power button
to turn it on.
[Jillian] Here's the idea.
I don't want to see
horizontal.
I want vertical.
- I want you to...
- Fuck you, Jillian.
[laughing]
Uh...
[sighs]
Trish, I got to go.
Someone I'm mad at is here.
I'm sorry.
You should be.
I got you a gift
to apologize.
It's a nice top
that I got at a gas station
on the way here.
Come on, try it on.
So now that I spent $15
on these beauties,
you have to forgive me.
Okay.
- Forgiven.
- Thank you.
- I can't stay mad at you.
- [both laugh]
Oh...plus,
having a messed-up friend
makes me feel better
about myself.
That's my girl.
You know, I really thought
that I'd be doing
a lot better by now, but...
[sighs]
...Oscar and I were just
together for so long.
- Mm-hmm.
- I just...
I don't really know how to live
my life without him.
Why don't you go find
a new life?
- Yeah, maybe I should.
- I'm not joking.
I mean, come on, what...
what's tying you here?
Huh?
Your job at the shady
time-share place?
Or your weird-ass house?
- Hey. I love my house.
- It's weird.
You go through a bathroom
to get to another bathroom.
We got a deal.
Listen, maybe it'll help
to do something different,
you know?
Say "fuck it" to everything.
You know,
take a pottery class.
Move to France.
I don't know.
Come on, I'm not
gonna do that.
All right, I'm gonna have
to get real with you.
It's not like things were
always perfect with Oscar.
Hey.
Come on, you know
I'm telling the truth.
Before Oscar died,
you and I would talk a lot
about how you felt
you wanted more out of life.
Come on,
you were a little bored.
Mm...
I shouldn't have said that.
I mean, of course everybody has
their stupid little problems.
Every marriage...
has that.
He was the best.
I'm sorry.
But if you keep doing
what you're doing,
two lives will be over.
Come on, girl,
you got to get out there.
You've got to tell the universe
what you want
so it will know
what to give back to you.
That's very beautiful.
You're...you're right.
I...
It's just, you know I don't go
for that church stuff, right?
Oh, that's not from church.
That's from Britney Spears'
Instagram.
[laughs]
How is Britney doing
these days?
Either really good
or really terrible.
I can't tell.
Hmm.
- Hi.
- Hi. [chuckles]
You here
for the interview too?
Yeah.
I...I'm so sorry.
I don't mean to be nosy.
Were...were we supposed
to bring something?
Oh, no, I just put this
together myself.
It's a deck with all
the potential properties.
Ah.
Valuation, risk assessment,
you know,
that kind of boring stuff.
Right...so boring.
[chuckles]
- Nice photos.
- Thanks.
I have to make these
all the time.
I work upstairs.
Oh. Yeah.
I cover the Florida properties,
which is nice,
but this job would be
so much better.
- Mm-hmm.
- Hawaii?
The Caribbean?
- Sign me up.
- Yeah. I know, yeah.
All that travel does sound
great, doesn't it?
My husband and I just got back
from Tahiti.
If you ever go,
make sure you stay
in an overwater bungalow.
It is magical.
I'll make sure
to look into that.
[woman] June?
- Yes.
- We're ready for you.
- Um...
may I use the restroom
real quick?
[woman]
Oh, yeah, of course.
Thanks.
Okay.
I've never done
this sort of thing before,
but I'm just gonna...
put this out into the universe.
Please let this go well.
I need something good
to happen.
That's it.
Thank you.
Okay.
[exhales sharply]
[knock at door]
Come in.
Hey.
June Hoffman
isn't here anymore.
She said she had to go
to the bathroom,
but that was, like,
20 minutes ago.
I think she might've left.
Oh.
Okay.
Well, just send in
the next person, I guess.
Okay.
[Sharon] Hey, it's me.
Checking in
on how it went today.
I'm sure you killed it.
And hey, if you don't
get the job, who cares?
You put yourself out there,
and that's important.
I'm proud of you.
Now, you call me back.
I got a fucked-up story
about that Ruth's Chris guy.
[soft music]
♪ ♪
What's going on?
[Jen] I don't know.
Security came
and took Jeff away.
This is beyond.
[indistinct chatter]
- June Hoffman?
- Yes.
Come with me, please.
Um, okay, sure.
Um, may I ask
what's going on?
Well, it turns out that a lot
of our top executives
were embezzling money
from the company.
Oh, my God.
And a lot of the people
under them were in on it.
Basically, we have
to completely clean house.
It's a total shit show.
Wow.
I mean, I didn't know anything
about any of this.
We know.
We've read all your emails.
You have?
Um, the dancing tampon thing
was a joke.
Were you supposed
to have an interview
with Ken Lerner yesterday?
Yeah. I'm sorry,
I wasn't feeling well.
It doesn't matter.
Ken's gone.
The woman he was going to hire
is gone also.
Are you still interested
in this job?
Uh, yeah, I mean...
it sounds really great.
Um...
I just...I don't know
if I'm the most qualified.
Look, we need someone
in Honolulu on Tuesday,
and since you haven't
stolen anything, at this point,
you're among
the most qualified people
in the whole fuckin' building.
Oh. Um, okay.
Uh...
can I think about it?
I'm sorry, I don't really
have a ton of time.
I've got to fill
20 more positions today.
Do you want this job or not?
[exhales softly]
- Well, damn!
- [laughs]
Oh, you look like a badass.
I do, right?
I look good.
You look real good.
Like everything is in place.
Yeah, I know.
Everything is working.
Everything
except for the nails.
I went to that cheap place
down on Arlington.
I think those ladies
are being held prisoner there.
Yeah. Well, we'll go
tomorrow, my treat.
We'll blow it out,
get your nails done
by a white lady.
- Aw, you'd do that for me?
- It's a special occasion.
Is there anything else I can
help you ladies with today?
Um, no, but I think
I'd like to buy this.
Great.
Um, I got an email
saying you were having
a three-day sale.
Is that still going on?
No, it's not.
It ended yesterday.
Really?
Um, maybe you can help us out.
See, my friend here,
her husband died a year ago,
and she wants this outfit
so she can move on and shit.
That's not really necessary.
Let me talk to my manager
and see
if we can work something out.
Thank you.
Not necessary at all.
Bless you.
- Dummy.
- You need this.
[sighs]
You know, you're right.
I just hope this all works out.
Bitch, someone is paying you
to go to Hawaii.
It's already worked out.
You're gonna crush that shit.
Come here.
[airplane engine droning]
[woman] We're now beginning
the boarding process
for flight 1814
with service to Honolulu.
We'd like to invite
all first-class passengers
to board at this time.
- [baby crying]
- [chair squeaking]
[crying continues]
[woman] ♪ Give a little time
for the child within you ♪
♪ Don't be afraid
to be young and free ♪
♪ Undo the locks
and throw away the keys ♪
♪ And take off your shoes
and socks and run you ♪
[gentle vocalization]
♪ ♪
♪ Give a little time
for the child within you ♪
♪ Don't be afraid
to be young and free ♪
♪ Undo the locks
and throw away the keys ♪
♪ And take off your shoes
and socks and run you ♪
♪ Run through the meadow and
scare up the milking cows ♪
♪ Run down the beach
kicking clouds of sand ♪
♪ Walk a windy weather day,
feel your face blow away ♪
♪ Stop and listen,
love you ♪♪
- Hi, ma'am.
- Oh, I have a ticket.
I'm supposed to be here.
Oh, of course you are.
I actually just wanted
to offer you
a guava mimosa
and some macadamia nuts.
[exhales]
That would be great.
Thank you.
Holy shit.
Oh. Oh, oh!
Uh, ma'am?
- Are you all right?
- [wheezing]
Okay.
Oh, uh, yes.
Arms up, arms up.
Oh, my God.
[muffled] Arms up.
Breathe.
Can you hear me?
[no audible dialogue]
[gasps]
[birds chirping]
Hi.
Oscar?
What's going on?
Where am I?
You're dead.
I'm dead too.
This is so great.
I am so happy.
Am I not going to Hawaii?
[soft music]
[dreamy vocalization]
♪ ♪